# Care4Cat (quiz for new cat parents)
### by Krystal(Yue)Huang

##Description 
### Care4cats is a website dedicated to prospective first-time cat owners. Having a cat is more than owning something adorable and fluffy. It is a lifetime commitment that requires your companionship, care, and responsibility. Think of your cat as your best friend or your partner. Today, more and more people are choosing cats as their first pets, believing that kitties are much more self-sufficient than other pets. Indeed, they require less time and maintenance. Yet raising a cat and caring for it can be overwhelming for first-time owners who have zero experience with pets. Before taking a cat home, ask yourself the following questions. Do I really want a cat or am I simply looking for a pet? Am I ready to take responsibility for my cat’s well-being? Am I capable of providing a home for him/her and fulfilling his/her needs? If the answers are “yes”, congratulations! Welcome to the community of cat owners. But keep in mind that raising a cat is harder than you think and that there’s much more to learn about your cute little friend. As a first-time cat owner, I adopted Sushi (a two-month-old kitten) while knowing very little about how to properly care for him. I spent a long time researching and asking fellow cat owners for help. Nonetheless, I panicked when Sushi was sick and couldn’t fall asleep just because he could not get used to his new home. This situation lasted for months until I was more experienced in dealing with contingencies and Sushi’s daily needs. Now, Sushi is one year old and living his best life. Yet I never ceased to learn more about him and his habits. To avoid the same situation that happened to me, I developed the following 8-question test for potential cat owners in New York City. The questions feature very fundamental knowledge of cat care. They are the least you should know before taking a cat home. The purpose of this test is not only to measure the “eligibility” of first-time cat owners but also to provide insights into basic cat-raising. To guarantee our kitties’ well-being and health, this test is advised for all new cat owners. Click “next” to initiate the test.